 EECS 731 Report Data sets:Dataset 1: SLID DatasetDescriptionThe SLID data frame has 7425 rows and 5 columns. The data are from the 1994 wave of the Canadian Survey of Labour and Income Dynamics, for the province of Ontario. There are missing data, particularly for wages.Columns in data set 1 :S.NO : number of rowsWages : Composite hourly wage rate from all jobs.Education: Number of years of schooling.Gender : Female, Male.Language:, French, Other.SourceThe data are taken from the public-use dataset made available by Statistics Canada, and prepared by the Institute for Social Research, York University.Referenceshttps://vincentarelbundock.github.io/Rdatasets/datasets.htmlData set 2:Based on data set 1, I created a data set with 1000 rows and 4 columnsColumns in data set 2: Department, Location of Job, University (Yes/NO)Data Preprocessing:Tools used: Excel, Anaconda Navigator , Spyder(IDE)Steps :Excel* Replaced missing values in Wages column in data set 1 with mean value and education with median* Removed a few rows from the data set to make merging of data sets simple.* As I created Data set 2, I don’t have any missing values in data set* Used excel to perform all these steps.Coding Part* Transformed the CSV data sets into Pandas Data frames* Merged the Data frames using Cross merging (As I removed a few columns from data set 1 Cross merging worked in this case as I have equal number of rows in both the data sets.* Merged Based on S.NO column* Normalized the data with numerical values* Removed S.NO column as It will not have much significance while prediction.* Converted data frames to CSV files and stored in a file called output.csv in data folder.Inference from Data sets:SLID data set have information about wages, second data set have information about Schooling and job location. If these two data sets are merged and analyzed, we can predict the how the location of job and their education will together influence the salary of a person.